NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE’S CONCERTS
OPENING
FILM (WITH SOUND EFFECTS ON TRACK)
CUT TO LIVE
(Bernstein Enters)
(Applause)
WILLIAM TELL OVERTURE (1:00 MIN)
KIDS ANSWER
(GO TO PIANO)
(PLAY)
VISUAL: SCORE (PLAY)
(SHOW ROCKET)
(PLAY)
(ILLUSTRATE)
(PLAY ANOTHER NOTE)
SING
TELOP: G ROSSINI
KIDS RESPONSE
SING
PERCUSSION; CHINESE BLOCKS
SNARE DRUMS
(SINGS)
SKIPPED (SINGS)
(SINGS. EXCHANGES PHRASES WITH AUDIENCE.)
(SINGS)
(SHOW)
(CONCERTMASTER SHOWS)
(ILLUSTRATE)
SKIPPED (Play) pix: -- Mickey Mouse
SKIPPED Bassoon solo->
(PLAY). THE BLUE DANUBE
(PLAY) Tales of the Vienna Woods
(ORCHESTRA)
(ORCHESTRA.)
(ORCH)
STRAUSS TELOP
(PLAY) PIANO.
(Play) - Piano
(PLAY) PIANO AND VOICE:
PIANO
(PLAY)
(ORCHESTRA)
VISUAL:	DORE TEL0PS.
SKIPPED(PLAY) PIANO
SKIPPED (PLAY)
SKIPPED PIANO
SKIPPED (PIANO)
(ORCHESTRA - 1 BAR?)
(ILLUSTRATE)
(SNORE)
(ORCHESTRA)
CUT (ORCHESTRA)
TELOP:	BEETHOVEN
- VISUAL: SCORE -
(PIANO)
SKIPPED (WHISTLE CHEERILY)
(ORCHESTRA)
VISUAL: SCORE
(PLAY)
VISUAL: SCORE W. CHANGED TITLE
(ORCHESTRA)
SKIPPED (PIANO) (SCORE)
SKIPPED (ORCHESTRA)
TELOP:	M. MUSSORGSKY- PICTURES AT AN
EXHIBITION
TELOP:	PARK
ORCHESTRA - TUILERIES.
TELOP: CHICKS
ORCHESTRA - UNHATCHED CHICKS.
ORCHESTRA - GREAT GATE OF KIEV.
TELOP:TCHAIKOVSKY
PLAY PIANO
PLAY - With "I want it!" OVER
PLAY
ORCHESTRA
ORCHESTRA.
VISUAL: GRAPH
TELOP: ANTON WEBERN
PLAY A
PLAY F
PLAY
PLAY.
(DRAGNET THEME)
(PLAY)
ORCHESTRA: LA VALSE.
TELOP: MAURICE RAVEL.
(APPLAUSE)
(DISSOLVE TO ART CARD - ORCHESTRA
(E.T. - THEME)
SKIPPED SUPER TELOPS